oh gee okay okay we're ready you guys
we're gonna stop this okay um hi guys um
this time we're going to show you some
pretty amazing stuff we're actually
going to show you how to install jelly
beans on a raspberry pi the first thing
we need is of course a raspberry pi okay
that's a bit bright no sir oh yeah yeah
that's the necessary hardware a
raspberry pi arm and now we want to have
some jelly bean on this raspberry pi
fortunately the raspberry pi already
comes with this convenient a mounting
bar for jelly beans so the next thing we
need is actually jelly beans so what do
we do we take a couple of these jelly
beans oops nearly oh um and yes they the
mount parts for the jelly beans ie this
ok that's a good life problem yeah it's
a bit tough to do but eventually work so
see first one they here we go the second
one uh mainly take a clean one is
something or a red one right comes where
it goes oh here we go a blue blue blue
goes well with the yellow one ah so yeah
you see well we mounted a couple of
these jelly beans are onto the jelly
bean mount of the Raspberry Pi and now
we have jellybeans frequent Oh exactly
and now we got a Raspberry Pi supplied
with a couple of jelly beans and this
concludes this tutorial of how to
install jelly beans on a raspberry pi
enjoy have fun
and um you know I gotta give a bit
hungry yeah that cheers well no mom mom
well we could say this is raspberry pi
nom nom style yeah right absolutely this
is cool